(Chaos-Module): Add docs for the new AWS ECS task misconfiguration, network-restrict and HTTP chaos faults (#1256)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/technical-reference/chaos-faults/aws/ecs-container-http-modify-body.md

---
id: ecs-container-http-modify-body
title: ECS container HTTP modify body
---

ECS container HTTP modify body injects HTTP chaos which affects the request or response by modifying the status code, body, or headers. This is achieved by starting a proxy server and redirecting the traffic through the proxy server.

![ECS Container HTTP Modify Response](./static/images/ecs-container-http-modify-body.png)

## Use cases

> - It tests the application's resilience to erroneous (or incorrect) HTTP response body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tests the application's resilience to erroneous (or incorrect) HTTP response body.
```

> - It can test the ECS application container resilience to erroneous or incorrect HTTP response body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tests the ECS application container resilience to erroneous or incorrect HTTP response body.
```
